Installation & Upgrade Documentation Changes (#653)
DNNCommunity/DNNDocs: content/getting-started/setup/upgrades/index.md

Rename the `app_offline.htm` file to something like `app_offline.htm.disabled`. This will automatically bring the website back online.

## Step 6 - Initiate Upgrade

> Visit `http(s)://yourdomain.com/install/upgradewizard.aspx` to initiate the upgrade, you will be prompted to input valid Super User credentials to complete the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit `http(s)://yourdomain.com/install/upgradewizard.aspx` to initiate the upgrade. You will be prompted to input valid Super User credentials to complete the upgrade.
```

## Step 7 - Check for Errors
Review upgrade results for any errors during the upgrade process. If no errors, proceed to the next step. 

If any errors are experienced, either resolve the errors (_contingent upon experience and skill level_), or restore website from the backup created in **Step 3**.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you need to restore a website it is important to REMOVE all files and replace with the backup copy and not simply apply the backup over the top of the failed upgrade site.  Failure to follow this guidance can result in a non-functional restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you need to restore a website, it is important to first remove all files.  Then, replace it with the backup copy. It is not adequate to simply apply the backup over the top of the failed upgrade site.  Failure to follow this guidance can result in a non-functional, restored site.
```
